# Andrew's AbstractFactory

This AbstractFactory example utilizes abstract factory classes to represent a University. The Abstract
College Factory is used to create College objects, which override the abstract Course and Student
objects with their own versions that are particular to their College.
My example uses a few xUnit Tests to determine that the Student object generated by its factory is being
properly manipulated by the methods contained in the Course object generated by its factory.

A potential use case for this pattern is defined by a need for a dynamic quanitity of a fixed assortment of
variations of a structure. In other words, if a project requires x number of an object, and that object has
three variations, an Abstract Factory would be useful to instantiate the objects and avoid hard-coded
class names. Objects Factories are a fairly common tool in a developer's arsenal, and the Abstract
Factory allows for a broader function of the same.

# Review (experience)

Finding an example was not too difficult. There are many instances of a need for an undefined quanitity of
objects in a common/parallel class heirarchy in the world. The abstract nature of how this pattern is 
written caused some confusion while trying to organize my thoughts, but the resources provided were
certainly useful. Seeing such a plain example of this pattern was great for facilitating understanding.

After finishing an exercise of using the Abstract Factory pattern, I have found that it is much easier
to understand after digesting how the abstract property is used, which as its name suggests, makes
the code more difficult to reason through at a glance. The term "factory" is surprisingly relevent and
helpful for understanding, unlike many other more technical terms.

Seeing as how UC insists on overcrowding its campus with record admittance each year, an Abstract
Factory for this purpose seems to be very valuable. Being able to actively create new student objects
at runtime is useful to model this. Also the familial structure of different colleges and courses
similar yet different lends itself to the abstract factory implementation rather than just a
standard factory that makes objects a single way.

# Review (pattern)

The Abstract Factory pattern is very useful within its niche, as I expect many other patterns will be.
Utilization of an Abstract Factory requires a specific problem, the goal should be to create many
objects that belong to a family of types. Most problems that are solved with code likely won't
require a family of types, if they even require a large quantity of objects in the first place.
Would I like to use this in the future? Of course! However, I can't think of any recent endeavors
that were lacking because they didn't have this solution. I look forward to recognizing a good
time to employ an Abstract Factory.